A LaTeX template for DOE proposals

See the leading comments in the Makefile for how to configure and
build.

If you don't have 'make' (i.e. most Windows boxes), directly running
   pdflatex proposal
   bibtex proposal
   pdflatex proposal
   pdflatex proposal
should get you a document built with the default configuration
settings.  You can tweak the settings by generating/modifying
configure.tex.  The Makefile itself normally generates this, so look
there for the right format.

Document structure:
proposal.tex
   preamble.tex
      output-controls.tex
         configure.tex
   fwps/<institution>.pdf
   covers/<institution>.pdf
   budgets.tex
      budgets/<institution>.pdf
   summary-budget.tex
   abstract.tex
   narrative.tex
      narrative/*.tex
   bibs/*.bib	[filenames must be set in proposal.tex \bibliography command]
   acronym.tex
   bios.tex
      bios/<person>.{tex,pdf}
   facilities.tex
      facilities/<institution>.{tex,pdf}
   other-support.tex
      other-support/<person>.{tex,pdf}
   sows.tex
      sows/<institution>.{tex,pdf}
   appendices.tex
      appendices/collaborations.tex
      appendices/*.tex
   graphics/
   letters/*.pdf [included in collaborations.tex]

HOW TO ADD CONTENT

Most content goes in the appropriate subdirectories.  Its inclusion is
controlled in the corresponding tex file at the top level.

This proposal uses a LaTeX acronym package.  Disciplined use will help
insure that acronyms are expanded at first use, wherever that is.  All
acronyms should be defined in 'acronym.tex'.  Generally it just works,
but the package also provides commands to force expansion, handle
plurals, and other nifty things.  Read the documentation at
http://tug.ctan.org/tex-archive/macros/latex/contrib/acronym/acronym.pdf

Graphics should be added to the graphics/ directory.  Please include
"source" files as well as the actual file that gets included in the
document.

Each lab should provide their FWP and cover page in PDF format in the
appropriate directories.  They are used only in the 'lab' proposal,
and are selected by a definition in configure.tex which is normally
generated by the Makefile.

Each institution should provide their budget (including justification)
in PDF format.  Facilities may be in LaTeX or PDF.

Each investigator should provide their bio and other support
information in either LaTeX or PDF.

Budgets, facilities, bios, and other-support each need to be included
in the corresponding .tex file in the order desired.  

DOE prefers budgets on their form 4620.1, but grants.gov people
generally just provide a PDF printout of the budget from their
grants.gov package in order to avoid the extra work of maintaining two
versions.

Where both LaTeX and PDF are reasonable, LaTeX is preferred for
consistency of appearance and by the \smartinclude function.

PDF files should NOT include page numbers.

.svnignore contains a set of patterns that should be ignored by SVN.
If you modify it, you need to tell svn:
   svn propset svn:ignore -F .svnignore . # Don't miss the final '.'
or execute 'make svnignore'
